what we actually have is a tax system
which is Progressive for ordinary people
so the rate you pay is higher the more
you earn and then once you get into this
realm of very very wealthy people the
rate starts to collapse and in
particular the rate on inherited wealth
especially for phenomenally wealthy
people Falls to zero I'm a relatively
wealthy person I'm I'm worth you know
more than a couple of million pounds and
I earned that through working so when I
worked I had to pay it was actually 50%
top rate of income tax at the
time at the same time as I earned a few
million pounds from working the duuk of
Westminster inherited 9 billion pound
which is you know maybe 3,000 times what
I earn and he paid nothing who pays tax
uh if you're a working person in an
ordinary financial situation uh you who
doesn't pay tax very wealthy families uh
the people who receive your mortgage
payments your rent payments um the money
spent on food and bills they don't pay
any tax on that